 according to the 1854 statistics, there must be 82% of the united kingdom of the united kingdom, with a total of 83% of the united kingdom.
 the provisions of the convention, or accession to national law, is not related to legal norms in accordance with article 4.
 as a result of all domestic demand, the performance of economic performances in the 1 quarter of 1993 can be missed.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted that recommendation and pointed out that the candidates should be included in the recruitment of candidates following completion of consultation.
 the 1 step in the 2 phase of the phase ii methodology is to be the basis for a pay comparison of the remuneration comparison.
 in accordance with the gradual development of china's tourism market, the price of price prices for these zones may continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate for shopping markets and the market stalls are now in the 5 years.
 the most difficult prediction of peace-keeping is the most difficult prediction of the predictions that are likely to have significant changes in the year.
 it is important to look into the country's intentions, rather than instruments.
 a spokesman for the israeli a spokesperson said that the occupying forces had to wait for long periods.
 some of us believe that this move could not have such a move from the beginning to open and transparent consultations.
 this is extremely useful for member states to understand the complexity of the issue of the court.
 in january 1996, the family family planning association was established in january 1996 and has become the major non-governmental organization for reproductive health.
 states parties are most appropriate to report on the most critical health issues affecting women in the country.
 it exercises the power of international treaties, therefore, and in fact, it is a subject of international law.
 although the current activities are still limited, the scale of space activity is expected to be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct an investigation and to try the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 those who are those who are criminals should be allowed to realize that the international community is the council's decision and actions by the united nations.
 parents cannot afford to do whatever the responsibilities of the educated responsibilities and the teachers and teachers.
 " we are pleased to see that the implementation of one country, two systems, and hong kong people enjoy the results of the system.
 on the list of speakers today, the representative of malaysia, on the list of speakers, will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the hos scheme must avoid competition in the private sector and maintain the number of sales programmes.
 we explore the control of the united nations control, which should be guided by the close consultations with the relevant countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of annex i of the basic law, the 2 chief executive is elected by a 800.
 if a person is concerned, the person must take at least appropriate attention to prevent the installation of the device.
 it has also established an international e-commerce network in the country and in october 1998, the 1 foreign trade electronics electronics were conducted in october 1998.
 in 1996, the gross gdp rate of gdp growth in 1996 is 4.9 per cent to 5.0%.
 after visiting his visit to his visit to visit hong kong in his visit to visit hong kong, the woman and oxinburg will visit hong kong.
 the government of chile made a strong protest from the government of the people's republic of china on 8 june 1996.
 as the reasons referred to in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim in principle is not in principle in principle in principle.
 the decisions made by the president of the general assembly should be made by the president of the general assembly.
 the state of the republic of belarus and the government of ukraine for the regular budget and the government of ukraine had not been able to respond to the organization.
 member of the group of experts on the period of transition to the world trade organization on india and the united states.
 the warmth of the warmth of the university's university.
 however, the committee notes that the services of the state are not good.
 the constitution referred to in article 54 of the constitution, and the state will establish the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury, a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) that those who wish to use the internet will be registered to the bank concerned.
 he expressed appreciation for the marine staff of the marine team and the other concerned concerned.
 okay, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, there is a need for some of the solutions to these groups.
 on the 8, tropical cyclone warnings in hong kong are gradually returning to normal.
 this regrettable draft was not in accordance with the draft united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities are really hopeful to solve these problems.
 the official language of the meeting consists of english, russian, french, spanish, spanish, and this year.
 in transactions with local transactions, hong kong recognised by hk$ 16 per cent, with other local financial institutions and local non-financial customers.
 " in the long run, we are planning to construct more multi-storey ones in areas where there are many beds.
 it is essential that there is a need to seek results, and that relationships to multilateral cooperation will be feasible.
 the culprit was later arrested and sentenced to theft.
 there is a concern for the humanitarian relief of humanitarian relief in the region.
 the prosecutor has been appealed to a decision on this decision, so that the chamber was admitted to france.
 the economic slowdown in these countries is deeply disturbed by the slowdown in economic progress and maintenance of social stability.
 the week is 1.
 we have adopted the united nations to enter the world, through the united nations, with each other in the south and south.
 thirdly, the implementation of the strategy for local, enterprises and public participation in sustainable development strategies.
 the role of the united nations can play a pivotal role in order to promote the development efforts of the developing countries.
 he said: " i don't know if he doesn't understand the sword. "
 (15) the international outlook for the words and thinking of thinking.
 there have been 2 months since the terrorist attacks took place on 11 september.
 china's ministry of agriculture said that china's anti-control controls have been quite effective.
 chile agreed that the preventive deployment of the united nations peace-keeping force will be able to prevent the potential of violence that might lead to violence.
 however, in this critical juncture, it is essential that the league of terror must clearly confirm and acknowledge the enemy.
 i am extremely interested in the administration to start a dialogue with different voices.
 a spokesman for the african group, a spokesman for the african group, commended the efforts made by unifem for the response of the response.
 the chinese government intends to arrive at next year's early next year, with 13 coal " base " throughout the country.
 in the past 100 years, the old town of guke river river has embarked on the path of modernization.
 as part of the day-to-day monitoring exercise, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit cards of the credit cards.
 in our country, arab language is the 2 official language.
 university leaders and teachers.
 the credentials of the representative shall be issued either by the state or government of the member states concerned.
 the contents of the publications are enriched by the contents of a number of social and economic areas, and detailed reports on statistical developments.
 the vast majority of member states have shown that they have a tendency to increase the tendency to increase the permanent membership of the council.
 customers are able to purchase their purchases for a period of six months after the special stamps are issued.
 following the visit to the secretary for the visit, the deputy secretary for education and manpower, mr joseph lai, and other bureau officials and education department officials.
 in 1979, hong kong has become a director-general's director of education.
 it is not easy for the judges to determine the impact of voters and election activities.
 the united nations members of the united nations of the south pacific have declared france's intention to resume the nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the graduation age is 15 years old.
 the service fee is $ 20 each. "
 the bullerdolled home, and in many cases, there are also populations.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials and humanitarian and peacekeeping personnel and the public.
 in fact, i went to belgium to contact the relevant people in europe.
 at present, the concept of the state of sovereignty, national security and the maintenance of peace, as well as the concept of peace, has evolved rapidly.
 such an effort is conducive to the identification of genuine responsibilities in the context of space objects.
 at the 1st meeting, on 14 january, the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen of the joint chair made a statement.
 the committee affirms its need to strengthen the process of the nation-building process, consolidate the rule of law, democracy and the civil society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of this body.
 the israeli army had been destroyed and destroyed by the israeli army.
 in the light of the structure of the language structure, the content and content of the language is even greater.
 this sustained high price prices, not only the ordinary people, have also caused high priority to the government departments and experts.
 he doesn't talk about a need to take a look at the hearts of the hearts.
 we do not hear any of these scholars who have professional knowledge in the political profession.
 as the saying goes, " we haven't got a mistake. "
 the entire national party's entire national party has been successful, and it is expected that it will accelerate the democratic party's democratic party.
 during the days after the day, he was refurbished by the palas.
 the mainland's opening up to taiwan is optimistic about taiwan's tourism, local operators.
 the most common aspects of the function of the function of the functionality is both navigation and adoption of the exclusive economic zone zoned.
 the spokesman reminded the public to mention such fraud frauds, if there are doubts, please call a report to the police.
 margaret chan, officially elected director-general, officially elected director-general of the world health organization, became the first chinese people in the united nations specialized agencies.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in the absence of international conventions, the international convention is provided in accordance with the international convention on extradition.
 the universal declaration of human rights in the general assembly adopted the universal declaration of human rights in the general assembly of 10 december 1948.
 the committee commends the universal protection of the constitution of slovenia, and in particular, the human rights of women.
 er, it was said that there is no black-hand in the world.
 the principle of non-discrimination is therefore a constitutional principle.
 we are celebrating the threshold of the history of the history of the history of the process, and the process of the process has been beginning to start in many political difficulties.
 since the government of the government is gazetted on the internet, the number of visitors from april this year has been marked to nearly 60000 in november.
 this situation has not occurred in the previous case or the case in the case.
 the state party may wish to address the problem in the near future.
 the accomplishments of the work of the commission must depend on the ability of its members and its committees.
 the letter of authorized registration must be signed by the original school.
 the contract has already signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we do not mean that " quality " does not mean that it is not important.
 it was generally agreed that the international community had no action to end the conflict.
 one of the demands of the user is one of the damage caused by the floods and infrastructure.
 it is therefore the government's 1 step in advance that the two exchanges and clearings of hong kong's internal exchanges will be taken into account.
 with regard to the mano river union, regional offices must assist three ministers to implement confidence-building measures in september and october.
 the offence and the execution of murders, explosions, the minimum and maximum limits of the offence, the minimum and the maximum limits of the sentence.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullets were launched by a fire.
 in the event of the waiting time for care for care care homes, the applicants are generally in three categories.
 this is one of the main causes of aids transmission.
 the repasssion of life, as an example, has taken the initiative to modernize the development of electronic technology.
 in this way, it will be possible to ensure that peace and harmony are to ensure peace and harmony.
 in the case of food prices, i do not know what it is the business of the business sector in china.
 this will not only enhance the ability of local production, " he said.
 i would like to understand that everyone will understand that, in the past 17 years, we have come to the membership of the membership.
 in the case of good health, the symptoms are mainly due to minors.
 coordination between the united nations and the relevant agencies of the united nations is also appropriate.
 in the face of many kinds of products in the market, parents can be much better to choose one of the most suitable for personal status.
 if the more and more round tables are retinent, the consequences of the consequences are very serious.
 for those who are not able to resettle vietnam and lao, they will continue to seek voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system of new systems in 1999.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear testing is crucial to the maintenance of a moratorium on nuclear testing.
 article 31 of the basic law provides that the hong kong residents have travel and immigration.
 they also felt that this might lead to a precedent which led to a notification that all types of boats must be issued before it.
 right.
 as the government has already learned that there is a legal opinion, the government will never tell the legal advice of the law.
 at the end of august 1997, there were 34 china-owned enterprises in hong kong with a total of $ 100000000 in hong kong.
 to date, a total of 30 tons of relief items have been delivered from monuc and landed assets to goma.
 the committee expresses its appreciation for the introduction of globalization and new technologies to the implementation of the drug law in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women is reflected in the gap between men and women in the working life.
 on the other hand, it is not possible until the opening of the borders of egypt before the opening of the border.
 madam president, the processions, in fact, is not the right of a few people, and not often have political demands.
 the delay in the delay would affect the credibility of the about.
 <unk> 146 <unk> recently, the private sector and foundations are marked by significant increases in cooperation with the united nations at the global level.
 there are no other comments <unk>
 i am excited.
 there are two types of identity documents, one of the israelis, and another person to the residents.
 as time is limited, i have not been able to make all the services.
 this is a matter of concern to the recent political development of the united kingdom.
 the models include the development of a three-production models and diversion models in the persian gulf.
 9 percentage points of this growth are changes in currency exchange rates.
 typical illicit arms transactions are carried out in place where they control weapons of arms and exporters.
 switzerland does not tolerate the use of switzerland in the financial system of switzerland and not tolerated in the future.
 a large number of vacancies will be provided for the number of graduates for a diploma or a degree of graduates from $ 8 to $ 15000.
 the total value of projects completed by major contractors in the 3 quarter of 1999 is shown in schedule.
 with regard to detailed information regarding the functions of the committee, please see the reference to the financial and capital markets commission.
 it is hoped that these programmes are also in the near future in the near future.
 civil society in the commonwealth is a great complement and support for the official activities of the commonwealth.
 the chinese delegation believes that the current international nuclear disarmament endeavours are now at the junction of the tens, and the outlook will be on the future.
 because dr leong che-k has been more time, so i wrote it more good, and therefore i would support my support.
 the observer for indians, africa and the inter-american culture association of the inter-american association of american culture should be recognized as a minority minority.
 " in the coming three years, we are planning to conduct a survey of employers in the next three years to keep the performance of the graduates.
 we are not clear to the chinese side. it is very likely that hong kong officials are the excuse for the mainland.
 the mission was held in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law develops the criteria for the conduct of such parties (the signatory, dependent on the party and the certification service) act.
 thus, there will be a low gap between the gap between the capacity of the state programme.
 the committee will consider the specific topics from a gender perspective.
 " the hksar warmly supports the mainland to join the wto as early as possible.
 for example, there is only a telephone of 5 300 per cent of africa in africa, for example.
 the press must respect the dignity and integrity of personnel and institutions.
 the israeli authorities also closed several days on the gaza strip between the gaza strip and egypt.
 as a result of speedy speed up, the cost of transport costs will be reduced, and all sectors have benefited from all sectors.
 it is the case.
 3. the 2 is to develop a knowledge, technical and technical capacity to come to hong kong.
 she would like to do what can be done, such as listening to radio, television, writers, singing, sings, sings, sings, sing and piano.
 when you talk about taiwan's children's growth in taiwan, it is very difficult to look at the impact of the unpred.
 as a result, it is possible to calculate the cost of a higher value.
 as a matter of fact, the secretary for housing has spoken at the dinner, explaining that there is no relationship with the redevelopment zone.
 it entrusted a consultant to provide an independent expert advice and encouraged consultants to work in an open and transparent manner.
 i did not see that, but i have heard of such reports.
 (a) the company is interested to make formal application forms of application forms of application forms of application forms.
 for movies, hou hsiao-hsien's " hou hsiao-hsien's " love ", " says yang chi street, " says yang ling street, " he says. "
 the united nations will face the test.
 the director of health and health has said that some four years could be reached.
 it is very difficult.
 in the department's central institutions, women accounted for more than 50 per cent of the current staff, 1<unk>3 of them.
 the court believes that buyers did not have the obligation to comply with the obligations of the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region shall be able to contact with the arab league commission on human rights.
 if 159 member states of the draft bill will create a record: this will be the real olympic performance.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 the sfc has recently made a report on the status of the hong kong financial centre in this year.
 the conference believes that the mandate of the elections is the privileges of the general assembly rather than the privileges of the security council.
 visitors may also have a chance to go back on a few days in modern civilization.
 we have set out the goal of hong kong to develop hong kong as an international city in asia.
 during the dinner, the director of social welfare, mr. lin cheng-kuen, and the fund management committee will be distributed to all the senior citizens of the elderly.
 mrs selina chow suggested that the use of the " juvenile police information " should be strengthened.
 there is a breakthrough in overseas markets.
 as regards the amendment proposed by mr lee cheuk-yan's amendment, i would like to point out that his argument is in fact a mistake.
 <unk> shanghai <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 hong kong shipping company has set up a commercial decision in the mainland industry.
 helping the people and people of sierra leone, after eight years of civil war, the united states was a priority of the united states.
 it was said that the history of history was another.
 the national development framework of the transitional government has shown the role of the country in the economic and social role of the country.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider the expansion of the employment bureau to cover all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, and there is no international support for the international community.
 however, partners still need to do many work, and the reduction of tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica stated that the delegation had been very active in carrying out its responsibilities since the members of the committee.
 israel is proud of the old tradition of the entire world with the whole world.
 <unk> the director of information services, tsai, will serve as the director of information services in january 7, 2002.
 the dancers of the dancers are in the gods and then left to the audience.
 the situation in the united nations field is most alarming.
 as a result, the doctor said that the child had been infected with a child.
 the questionnaire has been delivered to all programmes and donor governments, national groups and united nations agencies.
 apart from the beauty of mr. yee-tung, the beauty of the team, who is going to go to it, didn't forget to let you look at the world.
 the aim is to bring about a pressure on a 3-party pressure, peace-building, so that ethiopia is no longer ward.
 a three-scale alarm alarm occurred today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce the bill in 2004.
 the people of kosovo, the people of the community should not allow them to wait for the past, and should be encouraged to look at the future.
 we must forget that all these are public funds and absolutely cannot beted.
 on the contrary, local universities have a higher degree of degree in local universities.
 i have recently visited the general assembly to attend the general assembly.
 a copy of these written statements shall be sent to the prosecutor or the person as a prosecutor or the person.
 qin jin said that soong james soong arrived on may 5 on may 5, where james soong arrived in beijing and hu jintao.
 the committee also notes that the additional information was provided during the course of the consideration of the report.
 major train explosions occurred on a 22-day train explosion on the north of north korea.
 the activities of the special rapporteur also include extensive briefings on civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and representatives of journalists.
 we do not agree with the use of tactics and expressions of the people of hong kong.
 however, an international trafficking in trafficking is also involved in other areas, including clothing, agriculture and construction.
 i do not believe in my own, but i am often heard of the religion of the religion of religion.
 therefore, before the sar government was set up, only the chinese government would only be eligible for the future sar government.
 we need to assess the impact of the elections to the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you, mr. qinhai, to analyse the point of analysis.
 in fact, we have a certain part of the implementation of it, and particularly on the provisions of mine clearance activities.
 he further noted that the trade volume of latin america is 12% per year.
 the unemployment rate was reduced to 19.30000, and the first time for the first time to 200000 people.
 the financial year financial year, the united states export bank has provided funding for us$ 17800000000 in export products around the world.
 a two informal meeting will be held on wednesday and 6 june on thursday, 6 june.
 at present, the government is considering the possibility of legal action to take legal action on the pollution of the pollution of the hong kong financial services factory.
 a total of 36 posts were proposed for the operation of the department of operations and 18 posts were allocated by the regular budget for the regular budget.
 in taiwan, his " 3 path " is the main reference to the government of chen shui-bian's new middle route.
 right, with regard to the two-way swords, we have zhang tables, uh, and um.
 in addition, the transport department has stepped up a daily raid on the conduct of the bus on a daily basis by 8 to 12.
 as for political and religious freedom, not only in the constitution, not only in the constitution, but also in other documents.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council members to the attention of the council, the external debt of the central african republic.
 in the morning, the meeting is at 0:30:30: 30:30, the location of the united states congress of the united states congress.
 the records of the record shall be subject to 3 years after the commencement of the final appeal.
 china has dropped more than 2 billion people.
 a large number of bangkok people are prepared to work in the year of the wto of the wto.
 we fully support the similar statement issued by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis in the urban area are welcome to drive nearly ming road nearly ming road.
 the transfer of conventional arms transfers is a transparent measure between sovereign states of sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that a number of local employers continue to be streamlined as a result of economic growth and business prospects.
 it needs to be a consensus. "
 such punishment is only applicable to the citizens of the czech republic and that they have no access to refugee status.
 when i went to my small children, i have all been very serious and very serious.
 the committee on human rights and people of africa also participated in the international seminar.
 the study on gender differences and inequality are not sufficient to affect the research process of the risk.
 according to the conservative estimate of the biological and environmental protection bureau, the commercial application of these technology is likely to reach $ 500000000.
 the government announced today (december 22) for the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (lab) for a period of two years from january 22.
 the 3 category is particularly concerned about the elderly.
 " in the east asian region, the financial surplus of the east asian region should also be used, " he said.
 the swd has contacted the family of chen gan-ling, providing psychological counselling.
 a maximum of 80 per cent of the costs of the state will be to reach 80 per cent.
 these developments further exacerbate the strategy of the post-cold-war period.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in the camps in west timor.
 the resources have been exhausted in almost no place.
 it was also agreed that all foreign troops are being invited to withdraw from the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to the improvement of the recruitment of the police, wages, the training and management of the prisons are also applied to prison staff.
 " the inspection is also found to be sufficient to meet the traffic, public utility facilities and other copies. "
 now, after nearly 30 years, the common concept of common heritage has been incorporated or been reflected in some international conventions.
 the buildings of the buildings have been instituted and the floor floor of the buildings.
 the deployment of all helicopters before the 1 round of ballot is envisaged.
 hong kong is always a sunshine, rain breeding, air quality and happiness, prosperity and happiness.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong has been the master of economic and social development.
 we therefore emphasize the obligation of the nuclear powers to conclude the obligations under the test-ban treaty in 1996 to the end of 1996.
 by contrast, the largest internet service providers in the united states maintains the ratio of a network of every 20 users.
 since the reform opened, small and medium-sized enterprises in the country have made significant contributions to achieve common and social stability.
 in my country, because of the warming of the warm and three years, the next three years will come to five and 60 minutes.
 i hope that in the course of today's meeting, the secretary-general can enjoy the general assembly hall.
 <unk> no provision is allowed to allow the survivors to give up the guardianship of the guardian.
 for example, the measures agreed upon by the conference include a uniform document of national citizens in the region of the region.
 it is a real friend to say that it is a real friend.
 mr howard young: madam president, workers are unemployed, employment and the difficulties of employment and employment difficulties in hong kong.
 " even if they enter the territory, we should not abandon the performances of " live ". "
 otherwise, the draft articles will lose its most practical effect.
 as a result, the average rate of inflation in last year has increased considerably.
 in other words, it would not be possible to allow the rights of the hong kong mainland and taiwan in hong kong.
 these greek cypriots are 66 years old.
 also on the previous weekend, the economic experts of the company also made the same forecasts.
 the project could also give greater public awareness of cultural diversity and the maintenance of such diversity as well as in this regard.
 in view of the large number of applications, the government is studying whether there is a need to increase the quota.
 the above-mentioned assets have been carried out in accordance with the code of procedure of the code of criminal procedure.
 at this point, it is also the only way for the students to die at the same time.
 the patient's patients who have access to health-care facilities are based on a standard of standard medical medical supplies ( medical medical medical medical medical medical services).
 the land reform plan is not only a retribution of land.
 on the subject, the conference attempted to remind people that one of the 20 minutes of every 20 minutes have been killed or maimed.
 later, there was a few crafts of crafts and crafts.
 motorists are advised to conduct the command and compliance of police officers on the ground.
 the conclusion of this conclusion was somewhat surprising that the legal adviser had previously been relocated by the competent legal profession who had been committed to the defence of counsel.
 with the assistance of ilo, the government of benin is considering the possibility of expanding the material or individual scope of the existing social security system.
 the amputation of amputation is a life-long mark, which affects their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries declined.
 after implementation of the scheme, many honourable colleagues will take the first time to live on lifelong learning.
 he was said to have broken down, after his written complaint, the ministry of the interior reportedly visited his home.
 other officers of the narcotics bureau also arrested a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 in fact, the only place in low-skilled employment opportunities is the only local service sector.
 the project indicates that small-scale enterprise funding approaches are based on the previous policy experience and performance of credit subsidy.
 just now mrs miriam lau, mrs miriam lau, was the " youth charter ".
 a three-year-old man was suspected to be the money of the victim.
 they shall open up the market for monetary, financial, trade and other macroeconomic policies in the country.
 from international moral and international law, it is impossible for us to support the war against iraq.
 the real development concept should contain the full respect for all universal universal universal universal universally universal universal universal universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally universally recognized human rights.
 the practice of state practice shows that the time of the length of the person concerned has a long time.
 the islamic state of afghanistan, the islamic state of afghanistan, will then be able to review the previous agenda of the previous agenda, which could also be re-examined.
 it has been achieved by all countries to reduce the population of poverty, although the asian economic crisis has caused rise.
 as a result, the countries of some of the financial resources are not available.
 recognition of the role of neighbouring countries in the security and economic spheres.
 " the security council is deeply concerned about the deterioration of the situation in the republic of croatia and around the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, the nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department were closed at 4.30 pm today (february 5).
 to this end, it should be devoted to achieving the goal of mutual mutual co-operation between people and others.
 -fai company found that the development, manufacturing and sales of people, and many of the world's well-known consumer products.
 the veinterists also went to a review of chickens and confirmed that all chickens are not infected with avian flu. "
 the secretariat was analysed by the secretariat of the secretariat's investigation data and verified self-sustainment rates.
 in the absence of a thorough solution to the floods of the northwest new territories, we must implement the shenzhen river.
 without legal and ethicism, capitalism has often resulted in drug trafficking, and there are organized crime and corruption.
 in formal entry into the first work of the emperor, chen ching-ku's work in the first work of the world.
 the one-way link between the two places will be reduced to around 40 minutes at the present time.
 the report of the report on the deterioration of the economic deterioration of the palestinian territories is a complete one-time.
 <unk> not a large amount of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 persons were shot and 38 individuals were killed.
 the working group and the international human rights service, the rights of minority rights groups have been addressed to deal with these issues in 1997.
 28 police officers of the immigration department were raided in sham shui po in sham shui po in sham shui po.
 as a result, the contracting authority would prefer to consider the measures that may need change.
 economic growth in developed and developing countries, as well as countries with economies in economic restructuring, are very significant in developing countries.
 according to the same sources, more than 800 people were killed in the war with the police, who were allegedly killed by the communists of the nepalese communist party.
 in accordance with article 22 of the law, it is the case of a legal responsibility under the existing legislation.
 mr president, it will be completely resolved after next year's closure next year.
 over 200 million children in the 1990s were killed in armed conflict, and more than 600 million have left permanent disability or injury.
 this will also help the development of ecological tourism in the development of ecology, " he said.
 basically, this is a tangible commitment in the development of the government.
 if there were no improvement or impact, the department will have a warning letter if they fail to make improvements or impacts.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids in our region is also a matter of concern.
 in addition, we have once again been one of the most competitive economies of the world's most competitive economies.
 the highways department today (july 20) signed the construction of a total value of $ 680008000000, with a value of $ 680008000000, and the project will start in this month.
 i have checked the hong kong legislation to refer to 382 in the basic law.
 thirdly, practical cooperation in the field of non-traditional security.
 compared to july 1997 to july this year, most of the major sectors of the major industry and underemployment are stable.
 i believe this is not easy, but if there is a quota system, more people with disabilities have been absorbed by the market.
 in addition, australia is actively involved in the drafting of negotiations for the suppression of the financing of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the " factories and industrial operation (" noise noise ") regulations, will effectively implement the protection scheme.
 this letter is not the result of the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya, which will only result in the contrary.
 we firmly believe, however, that the secretary-general contains the right framework for the united nations in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, there are absolute numbers and relatively number of people in the world.
 we look forward to continuing cooperation with the industry in this regard. "
 in the view of the state party, the same reason should be applied to the present case.
 he was informed that the causes of the dard darer conflict are the cause of the human beings in the region of the region for the land for land.
 the revised land is reserved for the development of the fire services bureau and open space facilities for meris.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but only from liberia.
 the details of the details have just been published in order to upgrade the skills of language skills.
 chen shouted the waves of the messs of the messs of the mess of the bass and time to time.
 in fact, on the jurisdiction of jurisdiction, the proposal of the garrison law is almost similar to the current practice of the british army.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of establishing the resources centre for the judiciary is not to be encouraged by encouraging legal proceedings.
 the chairman of the joint meeting of the joint meeting would be useful and will take follow-up actions on various recommendations.
 in addition, we will prepare for the review of the district councils for the 2003 elections.
 the vehicles imported by the secretariat of the secretariat of the secretariat, located on 1 avenue, is limited to a special label with a special label.
 when the villagers were faced with the village, 2020 trees were used for three years.
 25. el salvador institute of land reform was established as a executing body, which is a result of the implementation of the peace agreement.
 according to the information provided by the advisory committee, the advisory committee did not oppose these posts.
 anyone who is of the girl's relatives or whereabouts of the girl is urged to call the mong kok police station at 2398 732.
 in 1997, the institute had designated the formal identification body to implement the quality and enhancing productivity programme.
 this morning, in the course of this morning, i would like to focus on two three issues.
 to this end, attention has been given to education, increasing education and means to promote social development.
 the ruf is not the military and it also affirms the command of the command of the army.
 the field asset control system is a series of audited auditing responsibilities for the united nations, which is, from initial procurement.
 but this is not possible.
 for security reasons, and in order to protect the protection of the environment, these substances must be uncommonous, non-intensional, non-intensional, non-intensional gas and untrustious.
 the offence of treason has emerged in the common law system in the 14 century.
 worse, as a result of the destruction of the devastating threat of nuclear weapons, the destruction of the destruction of nuclear weapons has been rooted.
 in the village of the village, the village of the village was scared.
 the armed conflict in darar has begun in february last year.
 the rights of the international protection of the rights of the international protection of human rights are part of the international protection of human rights, particularly in respect of plural systems.
 the procedure of the commission is confidential, in accordance with the relevant rules, any document or address may not be disclosed.
 however, with the gradual recovery of the economy, we believe that in the future of hong kong will pick up in future.
 the so-called choice is to choose whether the contract is contracted.
 efforts will continue to be made, but it will be a challenge.
 they are inclined to renify the value of the us.
 at that time the governor patten is making preparations for the conservative party elections.
 asianet daily summary-press releases from the asian daily summary-press release of 16 november 2001.
 it may be disappointed, however, that only one defendant has been sent to the tribunal.
 in order to avoid conflict, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to guarantee the independence of the latter.
 the loss of life, especially the lives of children, are always sad, and that is always beyond the national and religious boundaries.
 during the operation, there were a range of $ 50000.
 in recent years the world economy has changed rapidly.
 these guidelines are contained in the website of the buildings department and has been distributed to all management companies and owners ' corporations.
 they believe that there is a multiplication technology to be called a scientific theoretical.
 while the member states are required to strengthen the representative of the operations, its progress is being hampered by the shortage of resources.
 at 3 p.m. local time at 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb occurred near the city of the city city.
 security guards at the session of the session, as well as individuals, were issued to the security guards of the united nations security security and security service.
 information on the latest map and the image of the newly acquired image of new access was brought promptly to the rescue body.
 the scheme provides for 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women, women and children, no gender discrimination.
 the united nations peacekeeping force and other united nations agencies, however, have carried out demining activities in its mandate.
 the kingdom of cambodia therefore provides legal protection to hiv <unk> aids in cambodia, and protect human rights.
 as a result, the housing department has once again been once again to ask the housing department for enquiries.
 the drop-out rate for girls dropping out in secondary schools is still higher than boys, in secondary schools and universities, for boys.
 on the other hand, there are two sides of the anti-china and guards.
 there is no difficulties in setting up and access to such private schools.
 it's not surprising that she changed her decision because of his experience.
 when motorists have accumulated 8 minutes, the transport department has received warning letters from the transport department.
 it is, er, the united states in the united states.
 president of the world bank, the president of the world bank.
 if the senior officials are interested in the investment interest, it would be better to do business.
 it should also take into account the changes in the international system over the past decade, particularly the spread of globalization and new technologies.
 if there is a matter of matter, you cannot say.
 it has been proposed to replace cuban sugar quotas in the united states market.
 however, in the longer term, the government still intends to recruit suitable candidates to recruit suitable candidates.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but the next day it was also necessary to report to the gendarmee.
 mr. jok's address on the modernization of the hong kong special administrative region trademark legislation.
 the more, the more, of course, the more, of course, our 1 legislative council will be representative.
 the ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic missiles will be completed.
 if he is not enough enough, they will be able to get a rest.
 this practice is an obvious degree of administration.
 in december 1963, armed attacks against turkish cypriots was a movement of ethnic cleansing in turkish cypriots.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that the model should also include a model.
 we are liaising with the canadian authorities to understand details of the case before the court hearings. "
 the chinese delegation expresses its appreciation for the work made by the work of the subject.
 there is no person to turn to him.
 with regard to the dismissal situation of the marriage, she asked about the study to identify the root causes of family divisions.
 the fact is that the earth's environment is worse than a year ago.
 the government announced today (april 20) to announce the appointment of the consultant on innovation and technology advisers and special advisers.
 he will have a major reform to the securities and futures markets and to strengthen the supervision of the banking sector.
 as a result, information on greater quality and access to access has led to the participation of non-governmental organizations and other important organizations involved in all levels.
 the delegation said that the majority of the majority were carried out by external forces, without controlling groups and individuals.
 " this is the hard and constant effort of our colleagues in the past and present every colleagues. "
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 in order to improve the standard of living of the child's living standards and improvement services, parents are required to pay certain costs.
 however, further efforts have to be made in order to promote the results of publicity work, which has aroused attention to the national authorities concerned.
 those who are not allowed to support those criminal offences cannot be allowed to support the safety of those criminals.
 on july 26 this year, he was seen by a security guard in sha tin and see a security guard to catch the two burglages.
 in the view of the council, he must be responsible for their own actions.
 under the traditional business environment, the market will be able to take care of what he can contact him or contact.
 the constitution of the republic of the republic of the republic shall protect the same protection in the territory of the republic of the republic.
 the member states of the european union had a three-year period of time to enable them to make their legality with the direct instructions of 6 june 2000.
 the pfp is a very anger of a press conference, with a view of the pains of a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of " limiting anti-ballistic missile systems ".
 the performance of the developed countries of the region is still in the weakness of the japanese economy.
 it is unrealistic to be used by the people of others.
 it's also hard to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be sold.
 it's not easy to produce a six-year-old fashion, but the fisheries sector agreed to have a breakthrough in the near future.
 despite numerous resolutions of the international community, the security council has issued numerous resolutions, a multi-ethnic, multicultural and multi-ethnic society.
 in accordance with the supervision of the sfc's licensee, the regulatory function will be implemented in accordance with the regulation of the sfc.
 on the first time, the stars returned to the first batch of the stars.
 we want to see the real universality of peace in the university of peace.
 the population is estimated to be an important parameters of prediction and projections for private and commercial organizations in private and commercial organizations.
 more than ten years ago, they were invited to participate in the chinese new year new year's new year's new year.
 the united states government acknowledged that the cuban diplomatic bank should enjoy diplomatic immunity.
 2, the decision is to be paid on the basis of a compulsory rule of law.
 in the competition, students are obliged to cope with the difficulty of accidents, such as power cuts, the black-to-spot attack, and equipment.
 we are now considering the views of the industry and to implement the recommendations.
 the staff of the board also visited undcp in the field of field offices in thailand and china.
 the bill does not have any particular reference to the fact that the company's concealment is a matter of a concentration of creditor or a company.
 it is strange to say that the chinese people's name will break the name of his own name.
 the department of health (dh) has provided health education to family members of the disease and to disinfect the disinfection of their home.
 let me now turn to the question of post-conflict peace-building, in view of the current situation in my country.
 the representative of non-governmental organization also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative to ask the implementation of the recommendations proposed by the special rapporteur.
 when focusing on the necessary action, we refused to reject our minds on a single side.
 we are watching the process of addressing the question of the question of palestine in the middle east.
 if members of the council, i would do so.
 these include a threat to the concept of sovereignty, including the reduction of the concept of sovereignty, which has been emerging.
 the maintenance of world security and peace cannot be left to the development of the international community.
 a number of state of emergency was extended on 15 december.
 after the taliban occupation of mazar-i-sharif, the authorities began to enter into other detention sites.
 the unique nature of the missile is in a unique nature of the use of a threat, deterrence, coercion, self-defence and revenge.
 the government's policy is to adopt an open standard of software products as a support platform for the application of the applications.
 in addition, there were 106 private-school centres for the 1 150 private and child-care centres.
 after this incident, the two sides have taken action, but the front-line situation has not changed.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a wide variety of new novel games, with a view to which the participants will be used to make children.
 however, the relevant departments will take immediate action.
 the commission could make new images of new images and the most recent images of the commissions database.
 an estimated 10 per cent vacancy rate of the local level.
 the use of coal to natural gas is likely to reduce the use of sulphur, nitro and carbon dioxide.
 the works will start early next year and is expected to be completed by early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, large-scale establishments in the manufacturing sector refers to more than 50 or more, in other sectors, as compared with 50 or more.
 in accordance with section 23 of the sweden criminal law, section 23 of the sweden penal code, in accordance with section 23 of the sweden penal code, is lower than the maximum limits of the offence.
 the general assembly has recently adopted resolution 568282, from the list of non-self-governing territories to east timor.
 mr. wang (china) (china) (spoke in chinese): on 23 july, the kingsan ii of morocco, who had died of illness.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwandan operation mission, and the 5 suspects were arrested.
 of these, 60 are carried out by the non-governmental organizations, and the remaining 19 were organised by the swd.
 in conclusion, i would like to refer to two spanish special concerns.
 there is no doubt that the car's automobiles are unconstructed.
 2, small and medium-sized enterprises (" smes ") applications for the application of information technology.
 8 days after the 8 days after the 8 days, the u.s.
 more than 22000 batons, over 2000, will be displayed at the hong kong park of hong kong and the east park.
 the survey will provide a reliable, reliable and timely information on the territory's living standards, particularly poverty.
 one of the hot spots, one of the hot spots, is the new beautiful game.
 the abolition of the abolition of the abolition of the abolition of the abolition of the death penalty in 1993 is the trend of the world's human rights.
 it is also known to know that he is very effective for vomiliation, the next and other diseases.
 15 catholics of roman catholic and international pharms, and his many staff were reportedly executed in dili.
 in particular, he proposed that the legislation had been revised in 1999.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china and japan, the secretary for foreign affairs, held in beijing.
 he will deliver a keynote speech at the luncheon of the hong kong trade development council and the french employer.
 should take into account the interests of each other, the international community can co-operate with the international community.
 the ministry of finance was submitted on 19 january 2001.
 " the government's primary objective is to stabilize the property market, and the property prices will not be big enough. "
 mr lau ping-cheung has just now said that if they apply to apply, i would not be informed <unk>
 the sponsor delegation said that the legal basis of the proposal could be found on the basis of the charter to articles 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, it must begin data on their storage and production records to collect their storage and production history.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables are from the various bodies of undp.
 i remember that some people have used a lot of words such as " one of the interests " and so on.
 i believe that many people will not agree with this view, but in principle, it is in principle against a land departure tax.
 according to the contract, the transport <unk> transport of transport <unk> transport matters must be agreed upon to all the forests.
 the armed forces of the angolan armed forces also captured the south-eastern part of the southern southern part of the country and continues to offensive attacks in the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we decide to extend the scheme, we intend to continue to be affected by the industries affecting the labour shortage.
 as a result of the german renewal mode, the speed speedways are speeding speed and the price is $ 8000000000.
 the court was received by the government of the people's republic of china, which was received by the government of the people's republic of china.
 such work is still being made by the division, and there is a need to look at the specific circumstances and approval.
 police will take special traffic arrangements on hong kong island on january 6, in order to be held in a public service.
 private universities have also given relief fees on their own economic situation.
 improving our relationship with egypt and the restoration of multilateral negotiations, as well as to the restoration of multilateral negotiations, is indispensable to further achieving the common goal of all of our peoples.
 his country's strong strength, he was very strong, and he was trying to seize the hearts of the heart.
 some members of the police will be used by the police.
 although he has shown that, the quality of medicine has been purchased by a german company.
 it welcomed ukraine as a non-nuclear-weapon state to ratify the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons.
 israel has also continued to make the opening of the tunnel in the al-qa al- al- al- al-qa mosque.
 in fact, after the spring festival's spring festival holidays, the travel industry council has not received any complaints from travellers.
 " i believe you will become an important asset in the two places, " he said.
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has been adjusted to reflect the presence of the latter in the service of the latter.
 so, if you are concerned about the rights of the demonstrations, i am sure that we should not let it in this regard.
 the private car immediately fled the scene along sha kok street to escape the scene.
 although the evidence is substantiated, they are still in the defence, saying that they do not have " to turn ".
 governments have adopted various approaches to control the nature of these monopolies.
 however, it must be pointed out that, in terms of their respective roles and missions, direct comparisons of their respective roles and their mission is fair and inappropriate. "
 i believe that not only will only affect the future today.
 the political infection of the environment has been able to fight the winds and even did not have any reference to the development of development assistance.
 " our immunization system is like the army, like the fight against outsides.
 both citizens and voters are very high.
 this resulted in a decline in the gaza strip in the gaza strip and led to the east from sea to the east.
 in my view, we have this week to show our commitment to this international healthy terror terror.
 i also express our gratitude and appreciation to the secretary-general for his appreciation and appreciation for his report today.
 we need to fulfil this international responsibility. "
 as a matter of political instability, argentina has adopted the democratic republic of rebuilding democracy after decades of political instability.
 the western gates of the west gates only put her many legends.
 what is well known is that we are very familiar with the magligence of the huama.
 in fact, it is an important part of the united nations in the work of the united nations.
 in history, there are no other children after he died after death.
 " it is the entire continent of the mainland and to bring about bright brightness, " he said.
 as the chairman of the new adviser of the new advisers of the new adviser, i would be able to make it possible for the establishment of the ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to become an instrument of impunity, with the desire of the international community as a whole.
 in recent years, the seizure of cocaine seizures in recent years has been low, with 913 kg of cocaine.
 to that end, pakistan supported the proposal of mexico, which would address the relevant bodies of the united nations to give serious consideration to the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (fc) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the industries concerned.
 he was then taken away by a police vehicle, while he was taken away by a police vehicle when he was taken away from the vehicle.
 with regard to the environment, it should be more effective and more substantively in order to protect nature.
 the secretary-general has already made the direction of the united nations.
 it is also important that it is also more clear to define the user and evaluation of the work of the work.
 mr chan kam-lam, mr chan kam-lam, said that he would be shorter than my short, but i would like to speak more than him.
 lithuania has also attached great importance to the role of other international forums to deal with the counter-terrorism issue.
 the 11 circuit court of the united states appealed to the court of appeal to the court of the district court.
 as regards this point, 30000 displaced persons and displaced persons in the southern part of kagaga, in the southern part of kagaga, had no assistance in this year.
 as a result of the war and air strikes in kabul, some international groups have had to leave the city.
 in response to the current economic environment, we urge the government to consider the feasibility of reducing the feasibility of the pre-employment training course. "
 at the best of course, i can only bring about the local saying that the government is simply not to do so.
 the current budget of the operation of unhcr is a total of $ 40 per year.
 a 10 per cent payment was made on 31 december by 31 december to cover the floating of the exchange rate.
 the president and his wife unanimously.
 the world trade conference will be held in seattle, which could be a suitable forum.
 mr tien said that on the 1 issue on the 1 issue, the language of the university, university graduates and professional groups should reach the basic capacity of the language.
 so, if the so-called consensus is to reject a more rich and more enriched expression of expression, i do not think.
 it was images of 30 minutes and the image of the 6-minute photography of the 6-minute film.
 any person affected by amendments may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board before or before february 24, 2000.
 as regards the provisions of these two ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance is basically in favour.
 on the contrary, the importing of ecuador's imports grew by 2<unk>3 and colombia, with the increase in both 2<unk>3 and colombia.
 the most recent example is an example of the construction of afrove court in sha tin ho, which deals with the integrity of the country.
 the content of the content of the content of the model law is contained in article 11 of the model law.
 a keynote speech will be made by the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors, chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors.
 the 12 juveniles arrested in the operation of the operation were released on bail pending further enquiries earlier.
 this issue has been reported regularly to the israeli ministry of foreign affairs, but there is no progress at the moment.
 the regional security system has expanded its ability to collect information on anti-terrorist activities in the east caribbean region.
 she also wished to know how to choose the non-governmental organizations, they provide information and the committee to use such information.
 in order to safeguard the interests of consumers, i would like to raise the motion debate on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supports the director-general's policy, but the country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 but there are 15 different countries in the different countries.
 as a result of the signing of international treaties, the legal assistance accorded under the provisions of the treaty.
 these realities must be addressed to ensure that the remaining 70000 people are able to return to their homes.
 the list of the national list is not short, and the victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to hon tam yiu-chung's motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, there was also a decline in the construction, and the transport industry and the manufacturing industry.
 as a result of the budgetary constraints, there was a number of restrictions on the cost and expenditure of the counsel.
 this is an exception that must be imposed for a time limit, and it is not possible to take it too long to become punishable.
 for every time every time, these places will be brought to the children's parents, and the transportation of children's children are also blocked.
 the bank does not want to make another one thing that the government directs banks to deal with its business.
 for enquiries, please call 2461111<unk> please call on 2773499.
 therefore, the taiwan strait can be able to study a unit.
 the georgian penal code, section 190 to 201 of the georgian penal code, provides a detailed account of the assets of assets (the bank accounts).
 " in addition, we believe that there is a need to expand the need to expand and traffic, " he said.
 since the establishment of the organization of the united nations, albania has been one of the most grieved dictatorships in the continent.
 we do not wish to take pressure in the process of resolving the north korean nuclear issue.
 then, you will ask what i do not <unk> they would say that you will be joining, and did not allow you to join it.
 he was released after the indian army detained a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are proceeding.
 finland will actively participate in the efforts of the conference, a global and effective treaty against anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, article 13 to 18 should be considered in the context of the international system of specific activities in the context of the jurisdiction.
 member of the embassy of italian embassy in italy.
 a legal code of ethic codes should be developed on the law of conflict areas.
 preconditions should be that the provisions should be equitable, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is yes.
 all these two sale arrangements are not available for sale in the home ownership scheme.
 in the same period, the number of births in hong kong was 5300, while the number of deaths was 32000000.
 however, i would like to say that, since this issue reflects the fact that the issue of the question reflects the historical and people of the balkans.
 on the future of hong kong's future, the chinese side said: " the chinese people can do so.
 more than any other group, they need the attention and care of the family, social and government.
 it was reported that the pollution of the pollution has been exported by pollution in other parts of the pollution, and then as a clean food relocated food.
 with regard to the choice of children's family name, luxexex xex x <unk> x <unk> x <unk> x <unk> x <unk> x <unk> x <unk> x.
 they also discussed and agreed that the arms flow into the country must be prevented.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should give serious discussions with the industry to listen to their views.
 i would like to have been killed by all the boys, and i would also like to take all the victims over the past ten years.
 mr niai talked about women.
 the overall plan is focused on assisting girls and women to improve self-esteem.
 he strongly reiterated that the management of the administration and palau are determined to uphold the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the communist party of the communist party of the cpc <unk> amp<unk> c <unk> ji <unk> tr. c. <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> tr.
 at the time of the promotion of chickens, the farmer and the farmer and the farmer will also be able to promote the development of fisheries.
 the advisory committee requested a copy of the memorandum of understanding of the memorandum of understanding with these arrangements.
 in this context, the committee has endeavoured to understand the full violations of iraq.
 the special rapporteur has visited rwanda.
 the person concerned has lost the fighting.
 the main reason for the unutilized balance is an end to the termination of the forces.
 moreover, as a member of the international donor country, we will continue to provide direct contributions to the palestinians.
 activities should be strengthened and practically applied in the field of satellite remote sensing.
 under the basic law, all permanent residents of the hong kong special administrative region shall enjoy the election and the right to vote.
 the 40-year-old enterprises in the services industry amounted to $ 216000 during the period under review, creating or save 79 work.
 in early june, members of the council participated in the drafting of further response to the nuclear tests conducted by india and pakistan.
 i take this opportunity to thank the country, international organizations and the united nations itself to continue providing assistance to our country.
 we have to persuade business friends to understand their own shortages and honestly.
 a few months later, this storm is also a very painful adjustment period.
 ah, like the landscape of the landscape, it was closed yesterday.
 after protests, some of the people were emotionally moved, and the police had a high pressure of high pressure.
 a programme of work for the establishment of a trade point (see annex 4).
 i think the most important thing is to respect civil servants, so that they will sit in the negotiating table.
 the committee expresses its concern at the change in the system of pension systems, and that change was much less than the impact on men.
 (c) the commander of the force commander: as a result of information transmitted by the office of the office, the two local level posts were reduced.
 in fact, it has decided to reduce the increase in the world economy and international trade.
 the community development division and family support division has been undertaken by the department for development and family support division, national family day, exhibitions and similar activities.
 gizmony, vice president of the global sales of sales and strategic partnerships, said: " the exhibition is extremely successful.
 the international community should remain on the same status, with the same emphasis on a fair and equal footing.
 despite some obvious difficulties, progress has been made in its figures and diversity, which is a strategic strategy for conflict prevention.
 similar to the 2 provisions of the joint declaration of the joint declaration, which is also seen in article 122 of the basic law.
 he then kicked me.
 us dollar deposits increased by 1.6 per cent in december to november.
 the committee wished to know the findings of this incident.
 however, the capacity of women in society depends on the economic and social resources and their legal rights.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the committees of the committee clearly reflect a clear reflection of the urgency of the common concern of humanity.
 it must be an end to their despair and suffering.
 " we will endeavour to preserve all hong kong's success, " mr tung said.
 in the light of the above-mentioned position, the chinese side put forward a reasonable solution.
 in this amount of us$ 1000000000, only $ 12300000000 was used for purchase of humanitarian goods.
 the rental index for the consumer price index reflects the changes in the rental indices for hong kong.
 such an approach should be taken on whether such an approach should be made to the original security product.
 in his view, beijing olympics preparations for the beijing olympic games will certainly be successful in the 2008 olympic games.
 in accordance with its multi-year programme, the commission considered the key issues of productive employment at the last session of the year.
 we will be able to make a general assessment of the situation in the economy.
 the protection of maternity in the workplace in 2000 also prohibits the maternity work of pregnancy in the workplace.
 paraguay is a major improvement in paraguay.
 welcome members of all.
 the financial secretary also agreed that the financial secretary also agreed and indicated that we will be able to implement it as soon as possible.
 for the people of the public, the importance of the general assembly hall, the general assembly of the general assembly, is well known.
 in most countries, the population of the elderly is far faster than the overall population.
 a total of a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire in north point today (friday) morning.
 in addition, the national archives of the national archives were reportedly looted on 12 may 1994.
 today, i have been invited to officiate at the opening ceremony of china's space science and technology.
 they are disciplinary, and acted as a matter of discipline and act as a whole.
 these recommendations have been made by the people's public opinion in many years. "
 a police spokesman stressed: " two separate letters are ordinary letters, " he stressed.
 police appeal to members of the public who are aware of the whereabouts of the missing persons who are urged to contact the regional officers of the kowloon east region unit.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the timetable for a system-wide meeting.
 in the seven-year-old man, he has a spirit of spirituality, and all over 100 patients have all along been exhausted.
 this matter took place in the way of the way in the area of the gushkaka.
 in fact, the number of unemployed people has a few times.
 some of the heavily indebted poor countries have already allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries from a decision to suspend its debts.
 in this century and the millennium, the millennium and the millennium have seen the great achievement of human beings.
 mr deputy president, i would like to say a few words that i would like to say a few words about this argument.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is the civilian population.
 <unk> 5 <unk> people <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>.
 i think the chinese government has promised to understand the accuracy of the provisions of the basic law in the basic law.
 the behaviour of these rights may be brought to the criminal court.
 the united nations is the appropriate forum for dealing with many of the challenges.
 the money provides for a growing demand for food and medicines to meet the growing needs of the iraqi people, which is the oil-for-food programme.
 note: the chinese charitable fund and the chinese temple has been established shortly after promulgated in 1992.
 it is well known that voluntary recruitment should sometimes be difficult to distinguish between the and compulsory recruitment of recruitment.
 the first page of the japanese special page on the first reading of the book, which is therefore written in writing.
 at the same time, the inflation rate continues to be high on the high level. it is expected that nearly 10 per cent of the inflation rate will be closed for this year.
 mr ip has also mentioned that he thinks that many of the voters in the legal profession have been tired.
 i would also like to agree with the amendments to the proposed amendments to reduce the recommendations of some of the complex administrative requirements.
 i do not need to repeat what i have to repeat.
 the meeting was drafting a number of conclusions and recommendations submitted to the 1 session of the review commission.
 the management system is a complex project, which will have profound implications for the united nations personnel, budget and financial work.
 if we still do not want to buy a joint venture.
 in line with relevant measures, customs, fire services department, lands department, lands department, lands department and the planning department will carry out such verification to the oil companies.
 mr. wang ying-ying (china) (china) (spoke in chinese): i would like to congratulate you as the president of the council.
 moreover, the military observers and civilian police are unable to ensure safe safety.
 the objective of the text is to submit a number of political choices and rights to the states concerned to the states concerned.
 responding to the report, officers of the commercial crime bureau mounted an investigation into three rooms for three rooms at the hotel.
 they must be accepted by continuing professional training, and their registration <unk> authors will be given consideration of renewal.
 the education department will be invited to take part in late february each year to invite parents to participate in the selection of schools in march.
 however, the implementation of these technologies is enormous.
 originally, i would like to say a little hesitation.
 the contradictions in paragraph 3 of operative paragraph 3 is even more obvious.
 the minimum age of duty will benefit from each of every society.
 a view was expressed that the draft guide should address the remuneration of the representative of insolvency.
 i am not repeating the argument that i would like to repeat the fact that i would like to do so.
 when there is no other speaker, the president shall announce the end of the debate.
 " it is often the most darkness of the students, " said he said. "
 i think that the ceiling should be kept in the future, and there should be no need to take a decision on the situation.
 the sisters of the sisters have become starved with hunger and guards and storms.
 " we should continue to do our efforts to enhance the level of service to our expectations, " he said.
 there is a major step in the future, ah.
 4. the members of the public are now strongly in favour of the adoption of a bill of rights to establish such freedom.
 in my opinion, the government is simply " himself ".
 however, when the delegation went to new york, it had a aviation home to prevent them to enter the united states.
 " the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will greatly slow. "
 in the view of the united kingdom, the court should comply with some criteria.
 in order to reduce financial resources in the short term, i think the government should be actively engaged in implementing the policy.
 the vienna convention on the law of the vienna convention relates to the question of multilateral covenants and agreements.
 myanmar chose the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is making a genuine democratic democratic democratic system.
 it was reported that on 7 june 2000, the rwandan soldiers allegedly fired a 7, including five children.
 " we will submit the appeal notice as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) the management of private lands is the responsibility of land titles for land titles.
 this has led to more vulnerable people.
 we also believe that hong kong's culture of cultural life is an ideal city, " he said.
 in a number of countries, cross-border transfers can be classified as customs regulations, such as smuggling or violation of foreign exchange control.
 more than 95% of the salaries tax and personal incomes of personal income are available in the next two weeks.
 we must, however, be overcome, and it is necessary to consider what it is necessary for japan.
 in the sudan, welfare and social development of the ministry for social welfare and social development is responsible for the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as the chairman of the secretary-general and the chairman of the organization, as well as to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is the end of the permanent mission of italy and the department of public information on friday, 5 november.
 similarly, life expectancy at births (table 3 and chart 5).
 2, there is checks and balances between the administration and the legislature.
 even during the day of the shelling day of the shells, there is no no one to work on the street.
 this year, it may be, after all, the same status.
 next, let us take a look at the iraqi policy of iraq in the past.
 in addition, members may be able to observe the investigation of the capo's investigation.
 let me say that i 'm the deputy fee.
 despite a good financial success, the structural adjustment programme has not been able to reach its goals at the rate of growth in gdp.
 right, some distinction is somewhat different.
 if we hope that the united nations is a vital position, we must make the united nations a step forward in the course of developments.
 in his budget, the financial secretary mentioned the song " under the lion rock ".
 the housing authority will be responsible for repair works in the public housing estates to carry out repair works on the ground.
 after the election, i believe that this is my last meeting of the legislative council.
 " the number of accidents in the catering industry, " the spokesman said.
 the croatian police are also carrying out patrols and vehicle patrols in part of the control zone.
 with regard to the three " fundamental problems ", mr cheung said that the education department has misunderstandings.
 now, the united nations needs more support than ever before.
 before formal implementation of the scheme, the authorities will consider all the comments on the registration scheme.
 his excellency the president: mr martin lee, you, mr. martin, is a matter of soliciting advice and is not appropriate to ask questions.
 as a matter of fact, the government has recently been " winding ", and it would be possible to reduce the remuneration of civil servants.
 at the evening, he will fly to washington for a trip to the last stop in north america.
 exports from developing countries have increased from 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the website is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session, in september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit this matter to the meeting of the states parties.
 to give her her back to her shoes.
 in spite of the need for analyst data and a large number of cases, the content of the content of the content of the data is smaller.
 however, the report noted that although the local market has been sold in the local market, its purchasing power is very limited.
 the advisory committee agreed with this view and suggest that the current 2.7 per cent increase was retained.
 the gains achieved in the fight against terrorism should not be the reason for the achievement of the international community in the fight against terrorism.
 the administration has been recognized by the ad hoc group, " national security " and the interests of the sovereign state.
 however, the current surplus of hong kong's economy has continued to have a steady growth in the treasury, and a surplus of many countries.
 it should be done.
 the under-secretary-general is not determined by the under-secretary-general.
 for more than 30 years, a large number of documents had proved that the cost of the lives of the water supply was inadequate.
 the treaty is confined to the prohibition of nuclear tests, but the quality of nuclear tests and the production of new weapons systems.
 they answered that he was not able to host him.
 as a whole, it can be better than its part.
 (b) the electrical and electrical power of china will take place on the whole day of this year on the whole day of this year.
 in the light of the green paper, hu said that the green paper is really an end.
 in 1993, the number of witnesses who had been appointed by china was appointed in 2000 and became members of the institute of arbitrators.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven on hong kong island, two in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority is given to a long-term strengthening of cooperation for the promotion and protection of the promotion and protection of human rights in the country.
 the duration of this age group is about 5 hours per week.
 this phase will lead to a single repayment rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must use the use of international law as the most powerful law.
 at present, scientific technology is changing, and the scale of economic cooperation is unprecedented, and the world is speeding up towards multipalization.
 on the other hand, the chinese paintings and the museum's intercontinent relationship between chinese and western the museum is also beginning.
 in a sense of rationalness and a sense of a sense of dismissions, chen feng's sense of minds.
 i refer to the response of the crisis in the crisis in west africa.
 however, the most fundamental or the angolans themselves commit themselves to peace and national reconciliation.
 exporters and investors in the european union have increased significantly.
 there are few signs of the existence of sexual drugs in fiji.
 in this event, the seminar is very tired. but everyone has not been wasteless and was not wasteless.
 on the other hand, it is the most powerful species in brazil.
 these women are also subject to discrimination on the basis of equal pay, or in the work of the person's work.
 (a) the economy of its economy exceeds 50 per cent of state<unk> (ii)<unk> (ii) of the developed countries.
 today, the 1 female head of state, in its history, was the 1 woman head of state.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations have attempted to influence a government.
 the phenomenon of this phenomenon is a product of a single system of one of the new ones that a state of abuse.
 recently, there have been a number of original groups who had not been able to pass out of the election in 1988.
 however, with the restoration of political life and the possibility of a large number of refugees, east timor will be required for east timor.
 in the capital of baghdad, a police officer was attacked by car bombs, killing at least five people and 19 injured.
 for a few months, the police accused of the police charged with violations of human rights and other irregular acts or offences.
 his election highlighted his various advantages, his personal quality and his experience in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is " people-oriented industries, the entire industry will not survive.
 every 10 per cent of the 10 cm shall be subject to 173 pairs of colons and 133 pairs of laves.
 the words " revive ".
 at the same time, the department is also trained in combating hawkers.
 in the case of non-self-governing security, the debtors and the responsibility of maintaining assets should be borne by the debtor.
 i am confident that, in particular, i am confident that these arrangements, in particular, for mutual assistance in the future will take place.
 however, in the context of urgency, we have not seen any meaningful progress.
 in the vicinity of the vicinity, the explosion occurred in the vicinity of the scene but did not cause casualties.
 the council also began to hold a new " mixed-trade " conference, which is a private meeting of all members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo pointed out that all measures have taken all measures to ensure that it is not far enough.
 as mentioned above, there was no mention of the office of the office.
 i accept that the secretary for constitutional affairs is that some things have been unable to do so.
 equitable distribution of wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies still need to be filled, and the meeting was resumed on the afternoon.
 parking carparks in the visitors centre will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth of customers's income portfolio still remained stable, and the performance of the company's performance in 500 industrial indicators.
 many people have first been able to enjoy the convenience of carlocks, but they don't pay money.
 in mid-july this year, mr lee went to japan to participate in the 8 worlds in the 8 world.
 the 3 ldcs conference will be held from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the comprehensive development programme for ma wan island.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will submit a report to the secretariat as soon as possible, to indicate the details of these two teams.
 the chairperson also stressed that the secretariat needs the full participation of the secretariat, including the preparation of background documents, direct participation in the conference.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 new york, 12 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 the small seventh is happy and he was satisfied with the satisfaction and love of the girl friend.
 " safe safety " in hong kong is a keynote address in hong kong's occupational safety and health management: "
 i wanted to ask you one thing, so i am going to find you.
 the new advantage of hong kong's new airport is the most advanced radar and other technical instruments.
 despite the limited financial resources of the economy, many small amounts of money can be donated to a large amount of money.
 as to the contents of the draft articles, it was stated that the contents of the draft draft are too complex and needed to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to preserve the rule of law, as we want to uphold the spirit of the rule of law.
 the distribution of resources for programme resources for the biennium 2002-2003 is table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has stated, all states need to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the author is not opposed to an advocate of the grass-roots level.
 it was only for a 50-year-old man who was found at a time of 50 years of age, and its personality is about 180 degrees.
 the israeli occupying forces also attacked the homes of the village in the village, causing another house of houses and burn another another.
 those who have such symptoms should be invited as soon as possible, as soon as possible, as soon as possible, in order to diagnose the symptoms and governance.
 child prostitution refers to the use of access to the use of children or any other forms of consideration.
 this is not very important.
 meanwhile, the value of orders in the metal products industry increased further by 2% in the value of the metal products industry.
 equally important is the serious external debt problem of african countries, which accounted for 1<unk>3 of these countries.
 after many years of debate and for many years, we are now going to return to the same.
 there has been 14 panel panels of experts, which are members of the panel of experts, and not the representative of the state.
 as regards the more in-depth tactical training of the expert unit.
 the entire project will be completed in the autumn of 2006.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as to replace the north-south cooperation and should be seen as complementary to it.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are proceeding.
 the network of family relations is in the collapse of the family and the traditional structure of the traditional family structure is taking place.
 in order to ensure the quality of chinese textbooks, the authorities have set up a chinese textbooks committee on chinese textbooks.
 another thing is: " it's best for banks to do the best.
 some were said to have been injured.
 although the ethiopian delegation appreciates the leadership role in the field, the panel discussed a number of interesting issues, and there is no solution to a solution.
 the united nations military contingent will help to prevent those who might wish to interfere with the democratization process.
 however, these policies have been effective, and must be viewed by other priorities of education, health and management.
 however, the authorities have reportedly denied that this person had been transferred to those who have been transferred to the whereabouts of this person.
 in order to avoid the special interests of the political parties, the electoral campaign activities should be controlled and maintained by strict control and maintenance.
 it is expected that it will be completed in 2000, which will provide background information and exercises for the right to development.
 it wasn't imagined that sun yun-yen had come to numerous waves.
 the chairman of the small and medium-sized enterprises commission, mr chan wing-yu, will submit a report to the chief executive in this morning this morning.
 asianet daily summary-press releases for wednesday, 20 november 2001.
 as a result of history, the new territories in the new territories is subject to the control of the collective authority.
 we welcome these areas, " he added.
 to let the computers ' do not " don't " don't ", " you don't " harm you ".
 prior to may 1998, the security forces of the indonesian security forces in iraq seems to be a matter of fact that the authorities or local people do not want to blame.
 please watch the 1 series of new zealand's series of new zealand's new zealand's series of new zealand's new zealand's series.
 on 18 june 1998, the commission was included in the relevant provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 15. during the pilot period, 15. in the experimental system, it was suggested that the impact of the impact on the district and preservation of the general assembly.
 the national television television broadcast on a number of programmes on this symposium to help increase the public awareness of the issue.
 if a person is not under the age of 65, it is not entitled to pay for a minimum wage, which is not entitled to the pension.
 in general, the information would not be disclosed.
 he has always been a good commitment to achieve the achievements of the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent agencies to carry out the review on the basis of the highest standards of international standards.
 " the labour department will find suitable vacancies and help employment, " the spokesman said.
 as china has recently joined the world trade organization as well as the 2008 olympic games, two companies are expected to be prepared for communications.
 recently, one of the scholars who came from the mainland in hong kong, university of hong kong in hong kong.
 as a whole, the existing system has played a balance of checks and balances.
 he said that if someone was stolen, he was cut off his hands and ensured the safety of several thousand people.
 the election of kosovo serbs in the elections demonstrates the attention of the provisional self-government authority.
 it was the headquarters of the ruf.
 " taipei's dignity " sign signboards are now on the door of the new painting room.
 the name of this requirement does not reveal that, " it is entirely untrue. "
 1944 born in new zealand, kerrat, who was born in new zealand in 1944, and kerran, university of the university and australia university.
 in the traditional market, there are two chickens in the traditional market.
 details of the proposal, in both english and chinese, will be put up at the venue for the public inspection at the venue for public inspection.
 because the dpp has made a new dpp movement.
 in the manufacturing sector, there is indeed a number of employees who have left the manufacturing industry.
 the claimants provided export credit guarantees for exporters and contractors.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed the national plan for implementation of the national plan for action in all areas.
 the committee recommends that more attention should be given to the accuracy of the requirements.
 under the health organization act, all persons in estonia have the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement is the most viable basis for resolving conflicts.
 the national daily also quoted the economic scholars of the world bank of the world bank, " he said.
 the present section of the present section is the " red cross ", " says liaoning people's publishing publication.
 madam president, today, the secretary for today's grandty is the " diet ", and we will not stay back.
 in the light of the atmosphere, i might say that some of the comparisons were given.
 the government of japan contains comments on the statute of the statute of the international court of japan.
 after the performance of the performance, the audience responded very warmly to the members and staff of the staff.
 i may also refer to some examples that some of the chronic patients who have tried to go to the hospital authority have been denied.
 the approved plan is required to reflect the latest development proposals in kowloon.
 in fact, i have all arrived in chongqing.
 the panel is supporting to ensure that gender issues were more sensitive among the national census.
 she has the highest value of all the rights of all citizens.
 all relevant departments will be involved in the scheme involved involving a wide range of activities, including prevention, prosecutions to the victims.
 with regard to the obligations of the state party, the committee noted that, in some instances, the report would mention the current situation in other countries.
 it is estimated that, in general, 100 fighters may be able to carry out approximately 15000 small arms ammunition per hour.
 2, a reduction in the situation is tense.
 first, we first act on the draft resolution on the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories which affects the interests of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty to his daughter.
 in addition, there has been no cash in cash.
 my delegation also thanked the under-secretary-general for his briefing to us this morning.
 it is possible to create a decline in the attractiveness of the developing countries, which is likely to trigger financial instability.
 a international seminar was organized by the government of the czech republic on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 since the transaction deals with the transfer of banking licences, the number of banks in hong kong remained unchanged.
 this is mainly attributed to the fact that a number of countries have achieved or not achieved in the past 5 years.
 the new phenomenon of aids has caused the suffering of children and orphans, and the increasing conflict in the tribal conflict has become more serious.
 the council informed the council during the january of january this year, mr. sergio meloo proposed that the efficiency of the civilian police process should be strengthened.
 our assessment is that there is no conditions in return to sierra leone or liberia.
 youth accounted for 19 per cent of africa's population, based on the population growth rate in africa.
 at the same time, hong kong and some countries have developed countries, such as thailand, china, indonesia, korea and india.
 a typical consumers in the united states have to spend more than 15 000 advertisements in the life of the united states.
 in my view, it must be borne in mind that the humanitarian situation in iraq has a disastrous humanitarian situation.
 this is a subject to play.
 oios urged the department of disarmament to assist the department of disarmament to assist the new political will of the member states.
 our financial position is lucky than that of britain. therefore, there is absolutely no need for us to take it.
 the image of la laden was last seen at the end of 2004, but his deputy zazazah, who was in his deputy zazah. "
 the 4 area is the establishment of national institutions based on the rule of law.
 the bureau has set up a working group on the reduction of the government's government's government to reduce the reduction of the waste reduction scheme (" the working group).
 mr martin lee said that the government did not respond to this matter. "
 on the first day of the performance, hu hung-yen's image of the chinese musicians and the long-standing age of musical music.
 the gross surplus of the business sector accounted by 7.2%, a percentage point lower than that of 1995.
 in post-conflict, children have been a dominant position in society, and children need to be taken care.
 the military attack on civilian populations carried out by the bosnian serb forces and there are casualties on a daily basis.
 a spokesman for the department said that during the two-week survey period for a two-week survey period was completed, the overall response rate has been completed.
 " the chickens have been tested to the market, " he said.
 he said that the secretariat hoped that the executive board would continue to provide guidance to these practices.
 the demilitarized zone is about 240 kilometres to iraq, with 10 kilometres to iraq and 5 kilometres in kuwait.
 all over 70 per cent of all children in the family service are girls.
 therefore, a number of measures have been developed to ensure that the needs of women prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco).
 liu ming-ming, the 1 of taiwan's 1-secretary-general, is also the beginning of the war.
 the central meteorological station is expected to affect south china and south china.
 the present section recalls that the right to food may be the reason for the right to food.
 at the end of the 19 century, the plates of oxin is a white ball.
 the code of criminal law and criminal procedure has been amended to consolidate the national legal system.
 the imposition of appropriate legal sanctions against persons engaged in arms manufacturers would be able to promote compliance with respect to authorizing procedures.
 the government and the business sector have launched a series of activities to strengthen the confidence of the international community.
 however, the armed forces are too large, and the federal budget cannot be maintained.
 after the dinner, the hong kong ballet group will be a guest of honorary performance for guests.
 speaking at the opening ceremony, the director of home affairs, mrs li li, said: " all along, hong kong is a immigration society.
 on 30 may, a new fighting in the north-west of mr. abdulladdd duladddddddddddddddd dusddddddd, who was in the north-west of the taliban.
 the volume of data in computer systems and other major issues have also resulted in the privacy rights of privacy and other related issues.
 this document will be included on the voluntary basis of the asean regional forums, indicating that there are major developments in the regional security situation.
 every day, the soldiers said that this day would be handed over to the goods.
 " the more effective implementation of the mpf system will be the case, " the spokesman said.
 the committee was informed that the vehicle was replaced by the united nations assistance mission in rwanda, using the use of such vehicles.
 on the contrary, they often look at the people of the people, such as the enemy, and therefore, for the people of the people.
 the railway system is an integral part of the system of transport systems.
 according to the provisions of the convention, it was recognized that troop-contributing countries were an important partner for peacekeeping operations.
 i think this will be very sorry.
 through this election, china has fully ensured that hong kong is an asset class.
 it seems that, despite the intention of the author to use this procedure, they did not use this procedure.
 as a result, it is not to go to the new areas of the other people, but we do not dare to go to the new field. "
 the results of the results will be issued by july.
 the work of the johnson was early in the 1940s and more than half a century.
 however, madam president, the bill today is a big question that the bill will be implemented within this transitional period.
 he was arrested in the united states after the arrival of new zealand by new zealand.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, briefed on the hong kong economy in 2003 and the future hong kong economy.
 the economy is also highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural gas and processing.
 some experts say that statistics have not been able to reflect the size of the problem.
 as a result, we would like to take a variety of different types of bricks in different regions.
 since 1978 in 1978, the exchange rate system had a long period of chaos, and the price of foreign exchange price is a price of foreign exchange price.
 in the context of the shanghai forum, the bish group has been established.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental bases have also changed.
 we will continue to persuade young people to help young people, and there are no abuses in health. "
 some result, in addition to religious books, there are few women in the social research, research, mathematics, agriculture and readings.
 this year, the total revenue of this year's stalls amounted to $ 1305500, representing a total of $ 800 $ 800.
 these provisions should be used to quote with the chinese side.
 non-bank items carried out by historical cost in other currencies are based on the united nations operational exchange rate in other currencies.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is the fundamental way to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we have more more than two years of best service providers in hong kong in hong kong. "
 after the incident, i know that the doctor's friends have expressed dissatisfaction with the authorities concerned.
 " the proposed scheme will be revised in order to reflect the latest land use in the north-east of lantau, " the spokesman said.
 this forced bilateral negotiations in the course of the phase.
 to achieve this end, it is necessary for member states to pay their assessed assessed contributions to their legal obligations.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 during a half a century, mankind live in fear of a living nuclear danger.
 he said, for these issues, the establishment of the prime minister for the first cabinet committee.
 in all cases, it will also be necessary for the period 2003-2004, the longer the longer the time will be done.
 there are no other groups in the case.
 the conduct of behaviour is comparable to a serious violation of article 3 of the geneva conventions.
 2. the summary of the accounting policy of these financial statements is a summary of the statements in the financial statements.
 among them, there will be heavy rain in some parts of the southeastern south of yunnan.
 on behalf of the comoros and people of the comoros, i would like to express our condolences to the families of the israeli government.
 undp has not yet carried out a plan for the strengthening of the undp structure of undp.
 the bureau of the bureau was appointed vice-presidents of the two delegations of mali, mr. arman, president of mali and ukraine.
 ohchr will promote the right to development to the right to development, plans, operational activities and operational activities.
 the vocational training council (bdd) is now an average of about 70 examinationss on average an average of about 70 candidates.
 after the culprits escaped by the culprits, the culprit entered the house of the employers and to him disclosed the incident.
 the administration has announced today today.
 for example, it was very late to kill 3 phases of their purchases.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the printing volume has been reduced by 30 per cent.
